Release branch 2.15.6 (#7785)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/whatsnew/2/2.15/index.rst

.. towncrier release notes start

What's new in Pylint 2.15.6?
----------------------------

> Release date: 2022-11-17

Author: ```suggestion
Release date: 2022-11-18
```

False Positives Fixed
---------------------

- Fix false positive for ``unhashable-member`` when subclassing ``dict`` and
  using the subclass as a dictionary key.

  Closes #7501 (`#7501 <https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint/issues/7501>`_)

- ``unnecessary-list-index-lookup`` will not be wrongly emitted if
  ``enumerate`` is called with ``start``.

  Closes #7682 (`#7682 <https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint/issues/7682>`_)

- Don't warn about ``stop-iteration-return`` when using ``next()`` over
  ``itertools.cycle``.

  Closes #7765 (`#7765 <https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint/issues/7765>`_)

Other Bug Fixes
---------------

> - Message send to reporter are now copied so a reporter cannot modify the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Messages sent to reporter are now copied so a reporter cannot modify the
```
